well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about why
you might not get your newspaper
if you live in the uk tomorrow the
climate
and what this has to do with the us and
moving forward
right now as i'm filming this
there are a couple groups of people
who are blocking off the entrances
to a facility that prints newspapers in
the uk
most of the impacted outlets are from
news corp
but not all of them looks like the
impacted outlets are the sun
times sun on sunday sunday times and
then
telegraph and mail as well
the reason they're doing this is because
they have identified
this facility as printing
a lot of outlets that kind of plant the
seeds
of climate denial oh it's not really a
thing we don't need to worry about it
oh it happens but it's natural has
nothing to do with humanity
we shouldn't make any changes we just
need to make that money
one of the spokespeople said
if we were to sort out this mess we're
in the mainstream media must stop
profiting from click bait culture that
is swimming in misinformation
that makes us hate our neighbors suspect
foreigners and vulnerable groups
and rally the nation into action
nice nice
world i would say world here in the us
there was recently a study of generation
z
it found that 26 percent felt that
climate change could not be stopped
49 thought that it could be slowed
but not stopped that's a pretty huge
chunk
that's a pretty big chunk of people
right there and the thing is they're not
wrong
we are going to fill it we are past the
tipping point
on on some pieces of it
we haven't crossed over the tipping
point for it to turn into a full-blown
disaster movie
but we're not that far off
so because of that you have people now
willing to
take pretty drastic action
um the reason i want to talk about this
because i don't often
cover stuff that happens outside the u.s
but this relates to the us in a really
important way
right now in the us we have actions like
this going on
we have stuff like this happening but
most of them
are dealing with centuries old issues
stuff that should have been resolved in
the 1860s
or the 1960s at the very latest but
they're still going on because people in
this country
want to kick down want to kick down at
their neighbors at the vulnerable groups
we haven't moved past that yet
while we're still dealing with issues
from the 1860s and 1960s
there are people in other countries that
are looking to the 2060s
it would be just great if the people in
the us
if we could rally this nation into
action
and get a little equity and equality
going on
quickly resolve some of the issues that
have been plaguing this country since it
was founded
get to where we need to be so we can
join
this fight we are way behind the times
in the united states and the attitude of
the people in the united states
and their willingness to make the
changes necessary
it's critical to winning
this is very similar to world war two in
a way
europe they're already in the game
and they're waiting for us to catch up
it'd be great if if we could oblige
so if you are somebody in the uk that's
why you may not get your paper today
people are trying to prove a point um
my understanding is that they're doing
it in a completely non-violent fashion
which is awesome
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day